BLANK_AAR.MD

Departure Debrief:

Mission event sequence (from your perspective):

Learning points (what went well, what went wrong):

Recovery debrief:

OTHER Anything not included in the above. E.g. technical difficulties, issues with mission design, administrative feedback, hosting etc.:



---

WHO / MSN #
WHEN
WHERE
WHAT
REM



user id 812

201104 - David
--
Technical: Make sure you get control over your DCS version by installing Standalone DCS and Skate Zillas updater tool. (we where saved by the fact that steam stable was on same version number, this is not always the case)
https://forums.eagle.ru/forum/english/dcs-world-topics/mods-and-apps/dcs-mods/159902-the-dcs-updater-gui-utility?t=160053

Turn off "easy comms" and make sure you have appropriate key-binds in place for the two radio-menus.

Some kind of functional head-tracking is a must. It will make a huge difference in your ability to operate systems and maintain a proper lookout.

Set up PTT in TS, it gets very annoying in larger briefings when you can hear other people's cellphones buzzing.
--

Startup to line-up was good apart from an incorrect steerpoint and selecting another load-out then stated on MDC's.

On departure you failed to maintain visual and did not follow the VFR departure chart, resulting in a rejoin that was delayed by 40nm violating at least two active ranges.
A rejoin from "blind" is done by a utilizing a combination of HSD, Yardstick, Mk1, and Intraflight communications.

Enroute tanker your formation keeping was "sucked" and you have a tendency to fall into trail. Which often left me blind.

AAR was Q- with a couple disconnect but considering the circumstances (kids) and our light load-out you did well.

RTB
Precision flight went out the window quite quickly, as you took lead we slowed down to M0.5.
During decent into the TMA (which was good and early) we reached .8 or thereabouts. 
Arriving at our VFR fix for entry lamane-3 your saturation started to get the better of you resulting In quite a bit of backseat navigation from my part.
--

You show a good understanding about how "things" are supposed to work, next up is getting proficient at communicating with the different agencies. I'd recommend that you work your NAV-01 as a singleton up to the point where you feel comfortable with ATC/AWACS(basic) comms both with controller and without.

I would not recommend trying TAC-01 without head-tracking.

