BLANK_AAR.MD

Departure Debrief:

Mission event sequence (from your perspective):
Took over PKG cmd at 1549z, had a new "old" plan uploaded by 1649z, rough DMPI allocation by 1744z.
Created own MDC then a quick dinner and onto pkg brief at 1830z. Pkg brief was sparse from my side mostly because of zero time to prepare one. Focused on pushpoint TOT and some basic whatif's.

Learning points (what went well, what went wrong):
PKG brief sucked, most importantly no designate 2IC.
Marshal went fine, delayed due to server restart, and Viper Marshalled up in FAOR north? proper fog of war stuff, when in doubt ask director for a SNAP.
Director services degraded during ingress and we had 12 A/C without any awacs support until egress.
All references to zulu time is always real world zulu time, hack your A/C clock to z and forget about "game-time" (zept for planning sunrise/sunset).
Some callsign confusion as always, both JEDI 1 flight and CHEVY 5 made calls on the net?
At some point I think Jedi 23 called for Rollcall, very good idea at that point and should be picked up as good brevity. (presumin here flightleads checkin with +-)
Overall happy with everyone's performance and mission outcome. x3 A/C lost v.s. multiple ENY A/C splashed. Put at least one stick 82's in the main RWY, main taxy, and 5 HAS'es plus infrastructure fuel e.t.c., silenced x1 SA2 x1 SA3 and x1 SA15 in the process.


Primary Mission:

BDA:
SA15 - N 36 06 148 - E 037 56 652 elev 1162 -jiroft airfield

Intel:

Recovery debrief:

OTHER Anything not included in the above. E.g. technical difficulties, issues with mission design, administrative feedback, hosting etc.:



---

WHO / MSN #
WHEN
WHERE
WHAT
REM
